scare
Don't make it up.
In my opinion, His Majesty is not the emperor
It was poisoning.
repeatedly
How did you see that? You're full of nonsense
What proof do you have for your Majesty's poisoning?
Ah, no way.
Medicine is a product of northern Xinjiang
No one knows the surname Chao
This kid must be fooled
Your medical skills are more natural than magpies
Besides, this matter concerns the safety of the father
It's not your turn to do such a big thing
Is it a matter of fact?
Lord Consort, how is this?
If anything goes wrong with the father's body
This prince will definitely dismember you
Blind use of acupuncture
Will it make the emperor more sick?
Wait, don't disturb his administration.
What went wrong?
I would like to speak with him